from zero target trader in 30 days. We
have seen that our strategy shows mild
signs of overfitting. So before trading
it live either with our own capital or
with a prop firm, we need to check if we
can handle that because the problem is
not profitability. The problem is
extreme draw downs. So when we optimize
it again shouldn't just pick the top
result by net profits. Instead we look
for robust areas where performance stays
strong even when inputs change slightly.
Example, if a takerit of 4,000 gives
great results, but 4,200 gives a
terrible result, then that 4,000 setting
is probably not robust, which increases
the risk of overfitting. The second
check is market regimes because no
strategy works in every single market.
It might do fine in normal conditions,
but fall apart in high volatility
regimes. So we will test a simple market
regime filter like volatility on and off
and see if we can reduce draw down both
in sample and out of sample. And that's
how you move from it looks good to it's
treadable.